

Idea#1. Discovery of materials using ML                                                                                        	
	At present, we are witnessing an explosion of marvelous works that develop and 	
	apply machine learning to real-world problems. One such state of the art is 		
	material science with machine learning. An up-growing field to discover and design 		
	new stable materials to overcome the expenses of traditional experiments and 		
	modelling that consume tremendous time and resources at hand.


These ideas are based on further exploration of Idea#1. Also, we would like to implement based on these research papers. 

Idea#2 Semi supervised ML classification of materials synthesis procedures

Brief Intro: Digitizing large collections of scientific literature can enable new informatics approaches for scientific analysis and meta-analysis. 
We can demonstrate a semi-supervised machine-learning method to classify inorganic materials synthesis procedures from written natural language.A machine-learning approach that 
enables a scalable approach to unlock the large amount of inorganic materials synthesis information from the literature and to process it into a standardized, 
machine-readable database.
Dataset: Private. Available only on request. 
Reference: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41524-019-0204-1

#Idea 3 Overcoming data scarcity with transfer learning- applying latent data to experimental data

Brief Into: This paper encourages on union of multiple datasets using transfer learning, where the information from one dataset is used to inform a model on another's. 
More like, bridging sparse data while not harming the context/domain. 2 Case studies are used to show its implementation. we can try one of them. 
Dataset: Available. Public. 
Two datasets used: 
a. Materials Project- Public dataset
b. Strehlow and Cook: We have to look into whether its public or not. #Dataset available on https://citrination.com/datasets/1160/show_searchsearchMatchOption=fuzzyMatch

Professor, let us know, if you have any clue about this dataset. 

Reference: https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.05099

Idea#4 Deep Learning the Chemistry of Materials from only elemental composition 

Brief Intro: Implementation of a deep neural network model referred to as ElemNet, to automatically capture the physical and chemical interactions and similarities between 
different elements using AI to predict materials properties with accuracy and speed. 
Dataset: Public. OQMD dataset. 

Reference: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-018-35934-y




Idea#5. Machine Learning To Help Rural Households Access Electricity
	This application, uses historical customer payment behavior data to predict which new applicants are likely to be a good fit for their
	pay-as-you-go solar power systems program.
	Customers that make three or fewer payments in their first 180 days have a 60% chance of having their system be repossessed.
	The team built a model that could predict whether a potential customer is likely or unlikely to keep up with payments.]
	
	
Idea#7 Auction:
Based on the last couple of seasons performance we are going to find the weak links in the team and based on previous auctions data and the statistics of 
players who are in auction pool we are goi ng to suggest the best combination of players (on basis of previous performances and auction dataset) 
after whom the individual teams should go (in bidding)to make their team reach the best possible level. 
This datasets maynot be limited to cricket itself we can also take football league dataset which is larger than our ipl 
dataset and give the teams the list of players whom they should go after to reach the optimum level.
